all right you play well you did get on
the game show man good well it's his fun
to do things other than you know his
speeches I was thinking if you had a
game show about the characters I played
the topics would be like emasculation
and trauma
[Laughter]
speaking of which yes so when I was
mayor South Bend people always ask me
look what TV show my life resembled most
I mean every Parks and Recreation which
is literally about local government yeah
yeah right you know there's some tough
days that were a little bit like short
wire once in a very long while there'd
be something that reminded me of the
West Wing but by far the most sadly the
most realistic political show in many
ways yeah was veep and I wonder how many
times you encountered people who work in
politics and talk about how as absurd as
it is it also captured a lot of the
reality of being involved in policy and
that's scary yeah but the thing is like
hey I miss it sometimes I watch the news
and I want to laugh but I feel guilty
about laughing and it was a nice
political outlet that you didn't feel
guilty to laugh at you know sorry that's
what I miss and I could channel it into
yeah you could channel that but like
when I hear that I'm like that's that's
not good news yeah yeah you know but
beyond veep you've got I think you will
now have shows on all of the five major
streaming services really which is a
real feat you know politics so here's
one thing we got to think of a name for
it like in politics if you know they
call it the full Ginsburg after Bill
Clinton's lawyer in the nineties who's
the first one to do it
we're here on all five Sunday shows I
did it once in Newham so I figure we got
to create a name under the full tony the
full halo i like the phone
of course there's probably actors out
there they're like yeah I'm on all five
it's no big deal but it is people
working a lot doing a lot of different
problems very very thankful I mean I
really miss veep like I we really got
close I don't know if you've met Julia
who plays yes Celine antastic
I just I love it and speaking of like
when we would go to DC and there were a
lot of people who loved the show and the
characters on the show named her like
Dan and and Gary and Selena and people
in DC would be like oh I'm Dan on your
show it's almost like I'm Celine
on your show and I was like that's
they're horrible people why are you
saying this out loud just like oh my god
I'm the Amy in my office I'm like please
stop talking
really don't bless it you resemble
anybody on the show better wheel I just
I love this and I really really miss
them a lot a lot another great thing
about the shows I feel like you among
all the characters probably got to do
the most physical yeah because I wasn't
allowed to speak I would stand behind
Selina I was even caught my character
was even called a mime on the
show and she and I'm very curious
because when you're talking to people
and maybe you don't like them but you
obviously can't say it and then do you
ever happen you've never ever has you've
had a body you've had work because I was
what's called a body man right and
you've probably had one of yeah her name
is Sarah Lena couldn't live without and
she the thing is though like is it weird
when you're talking to someone and then
she comes up and whispers something in
your ear about them because I would have
to do that to her and I would always
think like is that weird that I'm giving
her information about the person she's
talking to I mean this is a strange
thing about being in that role right is
that you're in in many ways you asked
the team to help kind of manage you
because yeah yeah yeah you well-informed
they're thinking about all these
different things so you don't have to
and you have to rely on that kind of
knowledge that they can provide I don't
know if she does this but I was allowed
to non-verbally say what she couldn't
say now I could lose that yeah yeah yeah
so like she really didn't like a guy and
I could just stand behind her and just
be like what a douche you know but like
I could give him a lot of nonverbal but
and she couldn't obviously say that so
that was fun yeah so let's talk about
this new project Archibald's next yeah
saying it's a it's a show for children
it's animated what's it like again
because a lot of your work has been
physical comedy you've got this stage as
what's it like doing voice work oh it's
so fun after that well the arts of the
show came from I did this children's
book years ago with my buddies Toni and
Victor and it was about a little chicken
who's always looking to his next thing
and missing where he is so it's about
being present and the show it was called
Archibald's next big thing and now the
show is he treats everything like it's a
big thing and so he sees the best in
everyone and the best in every situation
which I think we need more of in our
world
by the way it's it's so it's so fun and
the the recently my friend it's really
fun doing the voice of my friend Julie
hall she has this two-year-old named
Harper a sweet little two-year-old and
she was having a hard time putting
Harper in the car seat and she says Tony
will you do cuz she watches archibald
she said will you do archibald voice for
Harper and so I go hey hi but how you
doing this is right and the child went
into a catatonic state she just stared
all the all-color left her face and then
she was able to put her in a car seat
stop and it's just stuff like that is
really really really fun that's so great
it's so great well thanks so much for
joining us a season two of Archibald's
next big thing premiers March we'll be
right back music - today I co and again
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it